upgrading.md: Impact of finalizeBlock on indexing (#591)
cometbft/cometbft: UPGRADING.md

  `mempool_error`, which were only used by the priority mempool, were removed
  but still kept in the message as "reserved".

### KvIndexer changes

When indexing block events, the indexer would include the function that returned those events
(`BeginBlock` or `EndBlock`). In ABCI 2.0 `FinalizeBlock` combines these functions, and all
events are returned within `ResultFinalizeBlock`. Therefore, the function field will
have no meaning anymore, and to reduce storage space taken by the indexer,
it will be removed in CometBFT v0.38.x.

Events indexed with previous CometBFT or Tendermint versions, will still be processed, 
but the function field is ignored. There is no need to re-index the events.

> However, queries checking for this field, will return nothing. 

Reviewer: Hmm not sure I understand what it means. I think it means that the event indexer schema remains unchanged, but one of the columns/field in the schema (called `function`) will be empty starting with v0.38.

The way I understand the purpose of this section is: _as a user (eg, Marko, Zohar, Jay, Mircea, Luca), do I need to do anything when I upgrade to v0.38?_

By the way, I'm not technically advanced, so I might be a good example of a novice/intermediate user of CometBFT.

> However, queries checking for this field, will return nothing. 

Which RPC queries exactly, is it `/block_search`?

Reviewer: Got it, makes sense!

  `mempool_error`, which were only used by the priority mempool, were removed
  but still kept in the message as "reserved".

### `block_results` RPC query result display

> * When returning a block, all block events are grouped in the `finalize_block_events` field. 

Author: Yes, that is exactly what will happen. I should maybe explicitly say it might be breaking.

> * When returning a block, all block events are grouped in the `finalize_block_events` field. 

Reviewer 2: Will `finalize_block_events` include `begin_block_events`, `txs_results_events` and `end_block_events`? Or Tx events are not included (they were in the old `block_results` RPC).
Events are processed by a relayer in this order.

  `mempool_error`, which were only used by the priority mempool, were removed
  but still kept in the message as "reserved".

### `block_results` RPC endpoint - query result display change (breaking)

* When returning a block, all block events are displayed within the `finalize_block_events` field. 
 For blocks generated with older versions of CometBFT,  that means that block results that appeared
 as `begin_block_events` and `end_block_events` are merged into `finalize_block_events`. 
 For users who rely on the events to be grouped by the function they were generated by, this change
 is breaking.

> 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### kvindexer indexing changes

> The changes desribed here are internal to the implementation of the kvindexer, and they are transparent to the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The changes described here are internal to the implementation of the kvindexer, and they are transparent to the 
```

user. However, if you own a fork with a modified version of the indexer, you should be aware of these changes. 

> * Indexer key for events will not contain information about the function that returned the event. 

Reviewer 3: Is it clear enough that we are talking about block events here? (not tx events)

The events were indexed by their attributes, event type, the function that returned them, the height and 

> event sequence. The function returning events in old (pre `v0.38`) versions of CometBFT were `BeginBlock` or `EndBlock`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
event sequence. The functions returning events in old (pre `v0.38.0`) versions of CometBFT were `BeginBlock` or `EndBlock`. 
```

> As events are returned now only via `FinalizeBlock`, the value of this field has no use, and will be removed. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As events are returned now only via `FinalizeBlock`, the value of this field has no use, and has been removed. 
```

The main motivation is the reduction of the storage footprint.  

Events indexed with previous CometBFT or Tendermint Core versions, will still be transparently processed.
There is no need to re-index the events. This function field is not exposed to queries, and was not

> visible to users. However, if you changed the indexer code directly to accomodate for this,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
visible to users. However, if you forked CometBFT and changed the indexer code directly to accomodate for this,
```
